build: curl option BUILD_MISC_DOCS turned OFF. (#10597)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/libcurl-doc-option-fix.md

## bugfix/build

> * Turned off curl option `BUILD_MISC_DOCS` (gh-10576).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `BUILD_MISC_DOCS` curl option is now disabled by default (gh-10576).
```

Author: Thanks, applied these changes.
